How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
It helped me find the bug in less time which would have taken lot of time if I would have tried
searching it manually.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
I can go back to any previous version of the file and find any piece of code which would help me
fixing any bug or changing code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Manual commit allows the user to choose when to commit the file as he can decide that there has
been a logical change in the file so he might want to commit the file at that point of time. 
Whereas, versions like Google Docs doesn't give the flexibility to choose when to save the file.
These versions make versions of the file at regular intervals of time which might not have a clear
idea while comparing the two versions that what exactly makes these two files different from each
other.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
In some scenarios there may be files which are related to each other which in other words means
that when you make changes in one file then you may have to change the other file too. That is why
git offers the facility to save multiple files in one commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
First of all we use git log to get the history of the commits made so far in the repository.
Secondly, if we want to find differences between two commits then we use git diff command.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Because we can go back to the previous version of the code where we made changes and fix them.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to use Git for my Android Projects.