When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
If I wish to make the project publicly available then I would like to use remote instead of keeping it local.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Because at some stage of development of the project other contributers might have added some commits to the branch and locally we might not want to pull the changes into the same branch but in other as an experiment or something else.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks - Cloning the repository of another user on GitHub itself. Use - In order to contribute to the work in the project.
Clones - Cloning a repository from GitHub to your local machine. Use - To study and alter the files and push to remote if wish to be seen by everyone.
Branches - Branches are created from the parent say master branch to fix a bug or 
experiment with the project for another version parallely along with the master branch. Use - If I want to work on a new feature in the project without disturbing the main code. And then merge into master if wish to.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
It can help fix the merge conflicts by comparing the file changes made by different persons or the person himself.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
We would then collaborate by sharing the files manually to each other. It would be easier to collaborate using platforms like Git or GitHub as they have flexibility in changing the files which the other person can review and then they together can commit a merge. It would be harder to share the files amongst our contributers. As a result if they make changes to the files then we have to manually get the file back from him and then review and then approve for merging or any further process. 